README.md, before:

# rCrumbs ─ a respsonsive breadcrumbs

rCrumbs aka responsiveCrumbs aka resizableCrumbs is a jQuery plugin which transforms a bunch of list item elements into
a responsive breadcrumbs. The number of navigation items displayed is dynamically adapted depending on the available
space in the browser window.

## Demo
A demonstration is available [here](https://cm0s.github.io/rCrumbs/demo)

## Usage
1. Include the plugin css file:
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="jquery.rcrumbs.css">
```

2. Include jQuery and the plugin on your page:
```html
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.rcrumbs.js"></script>
```

3. Add your breadcrumbs elements using the following structure :
```html
    <div class="rcrumbs" id="breadcrumbs">
        <ul>
            <li><a href="#">Home</a><span class="divider">></span></li>
            <li><a href="#">...</a><span class="divider">></span></li>
            <li><a href="#">...</a><span class="divider">></span></li>
        </ul>
    </div>
```

4. Initialize the plugin:
```html
    <script type="text/javascript">
        jQuery(document).ready(function() {
            $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs();
        });
    </script>
```

## Options
A few options are available to interact with the rCrumbs plugin.

### Callbacks
A few callbacks are available to run custom function during plugin execution.

- **preCrumbsListDisplay**: Run a custom function before the crumbs list is rendered.
- **preCrumbDisplay**: Run a custom function before each crumb is rendered.
- **postCrumbsListDisplay**: Run a custom function after the crumbs list is rendered.
- **postCrumbDisplay**: Run a custom function after each crumb is rendered.

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({
        callback: {
            preCrumbsListDisplay: function () {
             //your code
            }
        }
    });
```

### Ellipsis
It's possible to activate/deactivate ellipsis when the last navigation element remains with not enough space to be fully
displayed.

Default option value: true

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({ellipsis: false});
```
### Resize on browser window resize event
Activate an automatic bind to the window resize event in order to resize the breadcrumbs when the browser window is
resized.

Default option value: true

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({windowResize: true});
```

### Animation (windowResize option must be set to tue)
An animation can be activated when the crumbs are displayed/hidden on a window resize. It's also possible to set the
animation speed (in ms).

Default option value: animation:true, speed:400

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({
        animation: {
            activated: true, speed: 200
        }
    });
```

## Repository structure
- **demo/** ─ plugin demonstration files
- **dist/** ─ files compiled with the different Grunt tasks goes here
- **libs/** ─ project dependencies
- **src/** ─ all sources files are located here
    * **less** ─ stylesheets source files
    * **jquery.rcrumbs.js** ─ project jquery plugin source file
- **test/** ─ files used to perform unit test
- **.gitignore** ─ file used to avoid committing certain files
- **Gruntfile.js** ─ file where all Grunt tasks are declared
- **LICENSE-MIT** ─ project licence
- **package.json** ─ nodejs package description (needed by Grunt)
- **README.md** ─ <-- your are here

## jQuery requirement
jQuery 1.7.0+ or 2.0.0+

## Browser compatibility
The plugin has been tested on the following browser versions and above. It may works with certain older versions which
have not yet been tested.

- Chrome 14+
- Firefox 3.6+
- Safari Windows & OSX 4+
- IE 8+ (not compatible with IE 6,7)
- Opera 12.10+

## Contributing

From simple typo corrections to new features, your contributions are always welcome.
Please follow the next steps to submit your modifications.

- Install git ([more info](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git)).
- Fork this project and perform a *git clone* of your forked repository ([more info]
(https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo)).
- Apply your modifications.
- Add unit test when it's relevant.
- Test the code using the project Grunt tasks.
- Update README (if needed).
- Commit your modifications with a meaningful message.
- Push your commit ([more info](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo#push-commits)).
- Issue a pull request ([more info](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests)).

### Use Grunt tasks

This project use [Grunt JS](http://gruntjs.com/) to automate the creation of the distributions files.
To use the Grunt tasks declared inside Gruntfile.js you can follow the
[getting start guide](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started).

Once Grunt installed run the grunt command inside the project root folder to execute the default tasks which run in the
correct order all the tasks declared inside the Gruntfile.js.

You can also execute the following command:
    grunt watch

This task will keep track of the source and test files and will inform you if there id any js syntax here or if the
code pass all the test declared inside the test/test.js file.

### Unit testing

Unit testing is performed with the use of the [QUnit library](http://qunitjs.com).

Unit test are located into the test/test.js file. This file is loaded by the test.html file which contains the needed
fixtures to run test on concrete data.

Some other unit tests needs to be run inside a popup window in order to test the effects of a window resize. For this
reason all tests which needs to perform a window resize are located into the test/window-resize.js file and must be run
manually.

To run a test suit just open the corresponding .html test files or use the Grunt watch task. You can also run the grunt
test tasks declared in Gruntfile.js.

### Thanks
I wish to thanks all guys working on the awesome projects which are used to create/run/build this plugin.

Commit message:

Modified Grunt task usage doc

README.md, after:

# rCrumbs ─ a respsonsive breadcrumbs

rCrumbs aka responsiveCrumbs aka resizableCrumbs is a jQuery plugin which transforms a bunch of list item elements into
a responsive breadcrumbs. The number of navigation items displayed is dynamically adapted depending on the available
space in the browser window.

## Demo
A demonstration is available [here](https://cm0s.github.io/rCrumbs/demo)

## Usage
1. Include the plugin css file:
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="jquery.rcrumbs.css">
```

2. Include jQuery and the plugin on your page:
```html
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.rcrumbs.js"></script>
```

3. Add your breadcrumbs elements using the following structure :
```html
    <div class="rcrumbs" id="breadcrumbs">
        <ul>
            <li><a href="#">Home</a><span class="divider">></span></li>
            <li><a href="#">...</a><span class="divider">></span></li>
            <li><a href="#">...</a><span class="divider">></span></li>
        </ul>
    </div>
```

4. Initialize the plugin:
```html
    <script type="text/javascript">
        jQuery(document).ready(function() {
            $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs();
        });
    </script>
```

## Options
A few options are available to interact with the rCrumbs plugin.

### Callbacks
A few callbacks are available to run custom function during plugin execution.

- **preCrumbsListDisplay**: Run a custom function before the crumbs list is rendered.
- **preCrumbDisplay**: Run a custom function before each crumb is rendered.
- **postCrumbsListDisplay**: Run a custom function after the crumbs list is rendered.
- **postCrumbDisplay**: Run a custom function after each crumb is rendered.

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({
        callback: {
            preCrumbsListDisplay: function () {
             //your code
            }
        }
    });
```

### Ellipsis
It's possible to activate/deactivate ellipsis when the last navigation element remains with not enough space to be fully
displayed.

Default option value: true

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({ellipsis: false});
```
### Resize on browser window resize event
Activate an automatic bind to the window resize event in order to resize the breadcrumbs when the browser window is
resized.

Default option value: true

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({windowResize: true});
```

### Animation (windowResize option must be set to tue)
An animation can be activated when the crumbs are displayed/hidden on a window resize. It's also possible to set the
animation speed (in ms).

Default option value: animation:true, speed:400

Usage example :
```html
    $("#breadcrumbs").rcrumbs({
        animation: {
            activated: true, speed: 200
        }
    });
```

## Repository structure
- **demo/** ─ plugin demonstration files
- **dist/** ─ files compiled with the different Grunt tasks goes here
- **libs/** ─ project dependencies
- **src/** ─ all sources files are located here
    * **less** ─ stylesheets source files
    * **jquery.rcrumbs.js** ─ project jquery plugin source file
- **test/** ─ files used to perform unit test
- **.gitignore** ─ file used to avoid committing certain files
- **Gruntfile.js** ─ file where all Grunt tasks are declared
- **LICENSE-MIT** ─ project licence
- **package.json** ─ nodejs package description (needed by Grunt)
- **README.md** ─ <-- your are here

## jQuery requirement
jQuery 1.7.0+ or 2.0.0+

## Browser compatibility
The plugin has been tested on the following browser versions and above. It may works with certain older versions which
have not yet been tested.

- Chrome 14+
- Firefox 3.6+
- Safari Windows & OSX 4+
- IE 8+ (not compatible with IE 6,7)
- Opera 12.10+

## Contributing

From simple typo corrections to new features, your contributions are always welcome.
Please follow the next steps to submit your modifications.

- Install git ([more info](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git)).
- Fork this project and perform a *git clone* of your forked repository ([more info]
(https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo)).
- Apply your modifications.
- Add unit test when it's relevant.
- Test the code using the project Grunt tasks.
- Update README (if needed).
- Commit your modifications with a meaningful message.
- Push your commit ([more info](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo#push-commits)).
- Issue a pull request ([more info](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests)).

### Use Grunt tasks

This project use [Grunt JS](http://gruntjs.com/) to automate the creation of the distributions files.
To use the Grunt tasks declared inside Gruntfile.js you can follow the
[getting start guide](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started).

Once Nodejs and Grunt are installed run the following command in order to download the dependencies :
```
    npm install
```

Then, your can start to use the different Grunt tasks declared inside Gruntfile.js.

### Unit testing

Unit testing is performed with the use of the [QUnit library](http://qunitjs.com).

Unit test are located into the test/test.js file. This file is loaded by the test.html file which contains the needed
fixtures to run test on concrete data.

Some other unit tests needs to be run inside a popup window in order to test the effects of a window resize. For this
reason all tests which needs to perform a window resize are located into the test/window-resize.js file and must be run
manually.

To run a test suit just open the corresponding .html test files or use the Grunt watch task. You can also run the grunt
test tasks declared in Gruntfile.js.

### Thanks
I wish to thanks all guys working on the awesome projects which are used to create/run/build this plugin.
